h1. "sc3ctrl":http://github.com/rfwatson/sc3ctrl

A command line utility which uses OpenSoundControl to control
"SuperCollider3.app":http://supercollider.sourceforge.net in OSX.

Consists of a small CoreFoundation bundle written in Objective-C and a
single SuperCollider class.

Binary download: http://www.trapdoor1.net/sc3/sc3ctrl.tar.gz
(as yet untested on anything other than 10.5)


h2. Binary Installation

# Drag the bundle into a suitable location on your machine 
              (e.g. @/Application/Utilities/@)
# @cd /Application/Utilities/sc3ctrl/@
# @sudo ./install.rb@
# Start SuperCollider.app


h2. Command line usage

* @sc3ctrl -x@  <br/>
Execute the SC code in environment variable @SC_INTERPRET_TEXT@

* @sc3ctrl -x VARIABLE_NAME@  <br/>
Execute the SC code in environment variable @VARIABLE_NAME@

* @sc3ctrl -d classname@      <br/>
Open help file for @classname@

* @sc3ctrl -j classname@  <br/>    
Open class definition for @classname@

* @sc3ctrl -y methodname@     <br/>
Examine implementations of @methodname@

* @sc3ctrl -Y methodname@     <br/>
Examine references to @methodname@

* @sc3ctrl -s@        <br/>
Stop server (@CMD-PERIOD@)

* @sc3ctrl -c@                <br/>
Clear post window

* @sc3ctrl -p@   <br/>             
Post window to front

* @sc3ctrl -k@      <br/>          
Recompile class library (requires recent build)


h2. Contact me

Via "github":http://github.com/rfwatson


**************************************************************************
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA

**************************************************************************
